Mr. Ye
Not everything can be a platter
We need someone to identify
Not to mention ordinary items
It is not worthy to be on the auction stage of the Great Xia Chamber of Commerce
Why don't you continue talking?
President Xie, even if this necklace is worth some money
You have to wait until a professional testing agency issues a test report.
Give him another stall auction?
Right? You can't auction now either?
What are you doing
Hurry up!
holy fish
And come in person
He is actually the real body of the humble lord
You are so lucky
Found a good husband
He is not humble
Sir received the message
Willy International and Shang Huaijia signed a cooperation agreement
You see
It's okay, it's after Cage's eyes
This identity jade tag must be fake
Is anyone still competing with me for Star Moon Fairy Tale?
Congratulations on the deal of the Star and Moon Fairy Tale in the sky